British English Academy.
C2 listening activity.
Course: C2 Mastery English.
Module 4: Rhetoric, Diplomacy and High-Stakes Communication.
Lesson 2: Rhetoric, Diplomacy and High-Stakes Communication: Vocabulary Lesson 2.
Listen for subtle tone, implication and rhetorical control.
Listen for useful words and phrases. Repeat the key vocabulary after the speaker.
Learning objective: Learners can critique, refine, interpret nuance and produce expert-level responses in a vocabulary task about abstract argument.
Today you will practise language connected to abstract argument.
Target language: register control.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise vocabulary for rhetoric, diplomacy and high-stakes communication. You will learn useful language connected to abstract argument and practise register control. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C2 level.